Good, very good.
Since you are unrepentant
Believe it or not, I will let you Zhuji of the nine clans now
If the emperor wants to kill his concubine
The concubine has nothing to say
But the concubine really didn't know what crime she had committed
I don't know what's wrong with this dress
I don't know what the concubine's family will do
If the concubine doesn't wear this dress today
I will not make mistakes
Or the sin of the royal family
How shameless
And
Everyone says I've worked hard to get this dress
But this palace wall
How can my new class of show girls be able to do it?
If you want it, you can have it.
No matter how serious it is, I didn't want to set off
Someone forced me to become a man of heart
The song is not my choice
I've been dancing to that tune.
Who is the one with the heart?
I didn't. You framed me
Framed
How did you not forgive me everywhere? I framed you.
The tune is what you make
Flagship pitch change
Thanks to my improvisation
If my 5G is not good, I don't like it.
lose face
Let me tell you something.
Dance today
They changed their tune to embarrass me
Thanks to my improvisation
If my martial arts skills are not good
Isn't it going to lose face?
What Yuan Pin said is not unreasonable
The ignorant are innocent
Okay, don't make a fuss at this party
Yuanping Fafeng for two months
If the noble person sends it in January
I'm punished, let's go
The emperor has his own injustice in handling it like this
I don't know how to use this palace rule in the future
Governing the six palaces